Add some clarification on patch tuesday (#9750)
istio/istio.io: content/en/blog/2021/patch-tuesdays/index.md

releases may contain fixes for multiple CVEs. It is the intent of the Product Security working group to have these
security releases not contain any other fixes, although that may not always be possible.

> When the Product Security working group intends to ship an upcoming security patch an announcement will be
> made on [Discuss](https://discuss.istio.io/c/announcements/5) 2 weeks prior to release. We ask that you
> please watch the announcements category to be notified of such a release. If no such announcement
> is made there will not be a security release for that month, barring some exceptions (see below).
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When the Product Security working group intends to ship an upcoming security patch, an
announcement will be made on [the Istio discussion
board](https://discuss.istio.io/c/announcements/5) 2 weeks prior to release. If you're
running Istio in production,  we suggest you watch the Announcements category to be
notified of such a release. If no such announcement is made there will not be a security
release for that month, barring some exceptions listed below.

```
